MUDETE FACTORY TEA GROWERS SAVINGS COPERATIVE LIMITED (MUFATE G SACCO LTD) 

Who Are We
A brief Look Into Who We Are as an Organization
Mufate ‘G’ Sacco society limited is a savings and credit
cooperative society started in 1987 that provides financial services to farmers, business community and other institutions.

 


Our Core Values
1.Teamwork
2.Integrity
3.Competitiveness
4.Accountability
5.Service Excellence
6.Efficiency
7.Social Responsibility

Our Vision
To be a leading financial service provider nationally.

Our Mission
To empower our customers economically through mobilization of resources & provision of quality, diversified and competitive financial solutions.

About Premium Services
Loans We Offer
Some of the loans we offer at Mudete Factory Tea Growers Sacco Society Limited.


School Fee Loans

This is a loan given to member to pay school fees of all kinds.


Emergency Loans

This is a loan given to members to meet emergencies like hospital bills, house fires, court cases etc.

FOSA Loans

These loans are granted to members whose salaries are remitted through their FOSA savings account.


Salary Advance

This is a product for salaried customers. It's meant to meet emergencies.
Read More

Investment Loan

These are loans given mainly for investment purposes.


Crop Advance

This is a revolving short-term loan that is advanced to a farmer for their working capital needs.

More Loans
Our Products

Products and services offered by Mudete Factory Tea Growers Sacco Society Limited.

Savings Account
An account used for ordinary savings whereby deposits and withdrawals are made used to process salaries etc.

Fixed Deposit
This is an account that targets small business people and does not attract any bank charges.

Corporate Account
This account targets schools, churches, hospitals, coffee societies and business community.

Industries We Service
We cater to a wide range of industries
275 EDUCATION SCHOOLS
7856 HEALTH CENTRES
12+ AGRICULTURE CLIENTS
159+ INFORMAL WORKERS IN INSTITUTE
OUR SERVICES INCLUDE 
Saving Account
An account used for ordinary savings whereby deposits and withdrawals are made. It's used to process salaries, tea payments, cheques and other payments
FEATURES
• Entrance fees of Kshs. 100/=
• Minimum operating balance of Kshs.1000/=
• Ledger fee of Kshs.300/= per annum
• Can be operated jointly.
• Withdrawal can be done anytime
• Flexible in operation.
• Interest bearing balance of Kshs.5000/=
BENEFITS
Attractive interest rates
Low minimum operating balance
Customer can withdraw money from any of our
branches and through mobile services.

Fixed Deposit
This is an account that targets small business people and does not attract any bank charges offered by Mudete Factory Tea Growers Sacco Society Limited.
FEATURES 
No ledger fees
• No transaction fee
• Minimum deposit of Kshs.10,000/= for a period of
3,6,9 and 12 months.
BENEFITS 
• Negotiable interest rate
• Encourages savings culture.

Children Account
This is an account for minors opened by parents / guardians. It attracts no bank charges and is offered by Mudete Factory Tea Growers Sacco Society Limited.
FEATURES;
No ledger fees
• No transaction fees.
• Registration fee is low as Kshs.100/= .
• Savings are low as Kshs.100/= per month.
• Can conveniently put a check - off system from your salary .
• No minimum operating balance.
• Minimum interest bearing balance of Kshs.10,000/=
• Money may be withdrawn at maturity
BENEFITS
 Gives an opportunity for a parent/ guardian to save for a child.
• Money saved up to maturity can be withdrawn to meet expenses for a child like school fees.

MICROFINANCE ACCOUNT 
This is an account that encourages savings by micro finance clients.
FEATURES
 Ledger fee 300/= per annum
• Membership five and above
• Registration of Kshs.100/= per group.
• Group contribution per month.
• Minimum balance of Kshs.1000/=
• Minimum interest earning of kshs.5000/=
• Attractive interest rates calculated at the end of the
year

BENEFITS
 No charge when you top up cash or repay loan.
• Easy to operate.
• Encourage savings
• Enhance planned spending .
• Enhances unity amongst members.

CORPORATE ACCOUNT 
This account targets schools, churches, hospitals, coffee societies and business community.

FEATURES
• Minimum operating balance of kshs.1000/=
• Ledger fees of kshs.300/= per year .
• Minimum withdrawal without notice Kshs.50,000/=
• Minimum interest bearing balance of Kshs.5000/=

BENEFITS
Flexible account
• Facilitates a safe and convenient way for payments
through Sacco.
• Security of funds held at Mufate 'G' Sacco.
• Attractive interest calculated at end of the year.

BENEVOLENT FUND
These are services offered to members who have an account with the Sacco when their beloved ones die to give them a decent burial.
FEATURES
One has to be a member
• Contribution of Kshs.100/= per month
BENEFITS
Accord member's decent burial.
It also covers the following:-
a) Children below 22 years.
b) Ones spouse
c) Ones parents

MOBILE BANKING SERVICES 
You can access your money from Sacco through your Mobile phone at any time anywhere.
TO WITHDRAW MONEY FROM YOUR SAVINGS ACCOUNT TO MPESA ACCOUNT
1. Dial *882*51#
2. Enter 1 to transfer Bank to MPESA
3. Enter 1 select your account Number
4. Enter Amount e.g. 2000/=
5. Enter your PIN.
6. Then press SEND.
TO DEPOSIT MONEY INTO YOUR FOSA ACCOUNT
1. Go to MPESA Lipa na Mpesa.
2. Select PAY BILL.
3. ENTER BUSINESS NO 506492.
4. Enter your FOSA account no.
5. Enter amount.
6. Enter your PIN.

CHRISTMAS ACCOUNT
This is an account that encourages savings from members for Christmas.
FEATURES
• Minimum deposit of Kshs.500/= per month.
• No withdrawal until December that year .
• No credit is given on this account
• Attracts interest of 3% for a savings of Kshs.5000/= and above per annum
BENEFITS
• Encourages call line of savings.
• Earns attractive interest at the end of the year .
• Can enjoy yourselves during Christmas.

LOANS 
BOSA Loan Offered
Some of the BOSA loans we offer at Mudete Factory Tea Growers Sacco Society Limited.

School Fees Loan
This is a loan given to member to pay school fees of all kinds.

Emergency Loan
This is a loan given to members to meet emergencies like hospital bills, house fires, court cases etc.

Development Loan
Development loans are designed to help with the building cost of a residential or commercial development project.

Refinance Loan
This occurs when the terms of an existing loan, such as interest rates, payment schedules, or other terms, are revised.

Investment Loan
This loan is given to customers for the purchase of capital goods and services for the rehabilitation, establishment of new businesses.

Micro-Finance Loan
These are small loans given to organized groups to invest in income generating activities e.g dairy farming, horticulture, small business etc.

FOSA Loan Offered
Some of the FOSA loans we offer at Mudete Factory Tea Growers Sacco Society Limited.

Salary Advance
This is a product for salaried members. It's meant to meet emergencies.

Crop Advance
This is a revolving short-term loan that is advanced to a farmer for their working capital needs.

Special Advance
These are loans intended for short-term financing needs, such as paying for inventory or covering expenses until the next payment cycle.

FOSA Loan
This product is suitable for members who have sufficient income/salary but are limited because of less deposits at the Sacco.

CONTACT US 
Address
P. o. Box 221-50104
Khayega - Kakamega
CALL US ON ;
0791 331 932-FOR KHAYEGA BRANCH  or 0794 515 407-FOR MUDETE BRANCH
info@mudetesacco.co.ke

Working Hours
Mon - Fri: 8:30am - 4:00pm,
Sat: 8:30am - 1:00pm

OR WRITE AN EMAIL AND SEND  VIA THE ABOVE SHARE MAIL info@mudetesacco.co.ke